Optimizely Feature Experimentation docs (#1124)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/optimizely-feature-experimentation/cloud-mode.mdx

<div class="infoBlock">
You can view the metrics for an experiment either on the <strong>Results</strong> page of your Optimizely dashboard or as a data export. For more information, refer to the <Link to="#viewing-experimentation-results">Viewing experimentation results</Link> section below.
</div>

A sample `track` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track(
  "Product Added", {
    item: "Tshirt",
    currency: "USD"
  })
```

### Supported mappings

The following table lists the RudderStack event properties and their mappings with the Optimizely fields:

| RudderStack property   | Optimizely property |  Data type |
| :-------------| :-----------------| :---- |
| `event` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span> | `eventKey` | String |
| `userId` / `anonymousId` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span> | `userId` | String |
| `traits` / `context.traits` | `userAttributes` | Object |
| `properties` | `eventTags` | Object |

### Viewing experimentation results

To view the experimentation-related metrics in the **Results** page of your Optimizely dashboard, make sure you:

> - Use the <a href="https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/experimentation/v3.1.0-full-stack/reference/activate">`activate`</a> API first and then send your `track` events. If you do not activate the user, RudderStack will not send any decision event to Optimizely and the event won't be attributed to the user.

Reviewer: Here, RudderStack will still send the track event (decision) but If activate call is not made prior to the track call then the event will not be visible on the result page

Author: Got it - made the change accordingly.

Reviewer: Let's rephrase it
`Use the <a href="https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/experimentation/v3.1.0-full-stack/reference/activate">`activate`</a> API first and then send your `track` events. If you do not activate the user, the event won't be attributed to the user, therefore the event won't be shown in the Results Page`

Author: Done - slightly modified the last sentence for better flow and clarity.

> - Use the <a href="https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/experimentation/v3.1.0-full-stack/reference/activate">`activate`</a> API first and then send your `track` events. If you do not activate the user, RudderStack will not send any decision event to Optimizely and the event won't be attributed to the user.

Author: ```suggestion
- Use the <a href="https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/experimentation/v3.1.0-full-stack/reference/activate">`activate`</a> API first and then send your `track` events. If you do not activate the user, RudderStack will send the `track` events to Optimizely and they will not be visible on the **Results** page.
```

- Pass the same `userId` in your events that you pass to the `activate` API.

> ## Page

Reviewer: RudderStack is internally using Track call (line 11) with the event name **Viewed ${category} page** or **Viewed ${name} page**. So, all property defined in Track call (line 11) is applicable for Page call as well.

Reviewer: We can provide a reference of Track call (line 11) here.

Author: Understood - made the necessary changes to reflect this.

> RudderStack's <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/page">`page`</Link> call lets you record your website's page views with any additional relevant information about the viewed page.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/page">`page`</Link> call to record your website's page views with any additional relevant information about the viewed page.
```

> If you have enabled the **Track Categorized Pages** or **Track Named Pages** dashboard setting, then RudderStack sends a `page` call with the page `category` or `name` as a `track` event to Optimizely with the event name as `Viewed ${category} page` or `Viewed ${name} page`.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have enabled the **Track Categorized Pages** or **Track Named Pages** dashboard setting, then RudderStack sends a `track` call with the page `category` or `name` to Optimizely, with the event name as `Viewed ${category} page` or `Viewed ${name} page`.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

<div class="infoBlock">
All the mappings supported for the <Link to="#supported-mappings">`track`</Link> event are applicable for `page` event as well.
</div>

```

A sample `page` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.page("home");
```

In the above snippet, `home` is the name of the web page. If **Track Named Pages** setting is enabled, RudderStack sends a `track` event named `Viewed home page` to Optimizely.

> ## Screen

Reviewer: RudderStack is internally using Track call (line 11) with the event name **Viewed ${name} screen** .So, all property defined in Track call (line 11) is applicable for Screen call as well.

Reviewer: We can provide a reference of Track call (line 11) here.

Author: Understood - made the necessary changes to reflect this.

> RudderStack's <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/screen">`screen`</Link> call lets you record your users' mobile screen views with any additional relevant information about the screen.

Author: ```suggestion
You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/screen">`screen`</Link> call to record your users' mobile screen views with any additional relevant information about the screen.
```

> RudderStack sends every `screen` call to Optimizely as a `track` event with the name `Viewed ${name} screen`, where `name` is the name of the viewed screen. If you do not provide any name, RudderStack sets the event name as `Viewed screen`.

Author: ```suggestion
RudderStack sends every `screen` call you make as a <Link to="#track">`track`</Link> event to Optimizely,   with the name `Viewed ${name} screen` - where `name` is the name of the viewed screen. If you do not provide any name, RudderStack sets the event name as `Viewed screen`.
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

<div class="infoBlock">
All the mappings supported for the <Link to="#supported-mappings">`track`</Link> event are applicable for `page` event as well.
</div>

```

<div class="infoBlock">
You can view the metrics for an experiment either on the <strong>Results</strong> page of your Optimizely dashboard or as a data export. For more information, refer to the <Link to="#viewing-experimentation-results">Viewing experimentation results</Link> section below.
</div>

A sample `track` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.track(
  "Product Added", {
    item: "Tshirt",
    currency: "USD"
  })
```

### Supported mappings

The following table lists the RudderStack event properties and their mappings with the Optimizely fields:

| RudderStack property   | Optimizely property |  Data type |
| :-------------| :-----------------| :---- |
| `event` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span> | `eventKey` | String |
| `userId` / `anonymousId` <br/> <span style="color: #4D4DFF;font-size:12px;">Required</span> | `userId` | String |
| `traits` / `context.traits` | `userAttributes` | Object |
| `properties` | `eventTags` | Object |

### Viewing experimentation results

To view the experimentation-related metrics in the **Results** page of your Optimizely dashboard, make sure you:

> - Use the <a href="https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/experimentation/v3.1.0-full-stack/reference/activate">`activate`</a> API first and then send your `track` events. If you do not activate the user, RudderStack will send the `track` events to Optimizely and they will not be attributed to the user (visible on the **Results** page).

Author: ```suggestion
- Use the <a href="https://docs.developers.optimizely.com/experimentation/v3.1.0-full-stack/reference/activate">`activate`</a> API first and then send your `track` events. If you do not activate the user, the event won't be attributed to the user and won't be shown in the **Results** page.
```

- Pass the same `userId` in your events that you pass to the `activate` API.

## Page

You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/page">`page`</Link> call to record your website's page views with any additional relevant information about the viewed page.

If you have enabled the **Track Categorized Pages** or **Track Named Pages** dashboard setting, then RudderStack sends every `page` call along with the page `category` or `name` as a <Link to="#track">`track`</Link> event to Optimizely, with the event name as `Viewed ${category} page` or `Viewed ${name} page`.

<div class="infoBlock">

> All the mappings supported for the <Link to="#supported-mappings">`track`</Link> event are applicable for `page` event as well.

Author: ```suggestion
All the <Link to="#supported-mappings">mappings</Link> supported for the <code class="inline-code">track</code> event are applicable for <code class="inline-code">page</code> event as well.
```

</div>

A sample `page` call is shown below:

```javascript
rudderanalytics.page("home");
```

In the above snippet, `home` is the name of the web page. If **Track Named Pages** setting is enabled, RudderStack sends a `track` event named `Viewed home page` to Optimizely.

## Screen

You can use the <Link to="/event-spec/standard-events/screen">`screen`</Link> call to record your users' mobile screen views with any additional relevant information about the screen.

RudderStack sends every `screen` call you make as a <Link to="#track">`track`</Link> event to Optimizely, with the name `Viewed ${name} screen` - where `name` is the name of the viewed screen. If you do not provide any name, RudderStack sets the event name as `Viewed screen`.

<div class="infoBlock">

> All the mappings supported for the <Link to="#supported-mappings">`track`</Link> event are applicable for `screen` event as well.

Author: ```suggestion
All the <Link to="#supported-mappings">mappings</Link> supported for the <code class="inline-code">track</code> event are applicable for <code class="inline-code">screen</code> event as well.
```
